# Changelog

## 3.5.0

- **Improve audio playback, processing and error handling**.
- **Added collections, an alternative to playlists**. Tracks can only appear once in a collection and cannot be ordered.
- **Basic setup for themes**.
- **Deprecated Google Drive support**. Google Drive sources can still be used, but no longer added through the UI.
- Removed BTFS support.
- No longer resets shuffle history when the collection or search changes.
- WebDAV improvements.
- Command palette improvements.
- Directory playlists now work correctly with sources that specify a sub directory.
- Fixed issue with missing extensions when downloading playlists.
- Removed Fission/Webnative user layer (discontinued).
- Minor improvements/fixes to the artwork downloading process.
- Added keyboard shortcuts to seek back and forward.
- No longer cache all background images when first loading the app.
- A lot of javascript code refactoring.


## 3.4.0

- **Improved audio metadata parsing**.
- Adjusted search behaviour, now searches while typing (with a small delay).
- Allows you to make playlists public when using Fission/ODD SDK.
- Fixes issue with Safari where reloading after a search caused the loader to be shown indefinitely.
- Fixes some issues with cover grouping.
- Fixes syncing issues with Fission/ODD SDK (was called Webnative before)
- Made the project easier to build.
- Reduced unnecessary error messages.
- Removes support for older browsers.


## 3.3.0

- **Removes the need to pick a user-data-storage service upfront.** You can now use the app immediately without having to sign in first.
- Allows every WebDAV namespace to be used instead of just `d:`/`D:`
- Fixes authentication issue with RemoteStorage
- Fixes issue with volume control
- Sets https://ipfs.io as the default IPFS gateway.


## 3.2.0

- **Native builds with [Tauri](https://tauri.app/)**.
- Add support for non-standard `audio/x-flac` mimetype.
- Fixes a playback issue with Google Drive on Safari/iOS.
- Improves Google Drive support, access tokens are now refreshed when needed (before it only refreshed on source processing)
- Reduces the track pool when selecting a cover. In other words, when you're using the album art mode and select an image, only those tracks will be in the "automatic" queue (automatic queue, as in, not manually added queue items). This behaviour can be disabled on the settings page if you prefer the old behaviour.
- Shift + Click actions for the top-right nav items on the tracks page.
- Several playlist improvements: add to queue, add options to autogenerated playlists, convert autogenerated playlist into regular playlist, etc.


## 3.1.1

Fixes Google Drive CORS issue.

## 3.1.0

- **Removes usage of the Web Audio API, just uses `<audio>` elements now so that Diffuse can be played in the background on iOS.** _Sadly this also means the equalizer has been removed, but a better volume control has been added instead, one that doesn't move away from the tracks view._
- **Adds a command palette.**
- **Adds app version info and an update button to the settings page.**
- Correctly scrobbles repeated tracks with Last.fm
- Fixes Fission integration
- Fixes issue with search where you couldn't have the `:` character in your search term
- Improves detection of new versions and upgrading in the background (ie. service worker)
- Improves launcher design (called Alfred internally)
- Improves key bindings
- Small UI improvements
- Updates media session metadata with artwork after downloading missing artwork


## 3.0.2

- **Fixes issue with Dropbox user-data storage** (Dropbox API change)
- Fixes various issues with the album-cover view (eg. playback issues)
- Service worker tweaks to improve performance and offline behaviour


## 3.0.1

Also list files from shared Google drives, in addition to 'Shared with me'.


## 3.0.0

- **Adds album-covers view** (switch to and from list view with icon in nav bar)
- **Adds the ability to add a source via the url** (integration with other apps)
- **Adds a keyboard shortcut `L` to quickly select a playlist**
- **Adds the ability to migrate between data-storage methods**
- Added new background images and replaced a few older ones
- Adds ability to store your data on your [Fission](https://fission.codes/) filesystem.
- Adds ability to sync tags for individual tracks
- Adds keyboard shortcuts to switch screens
- Changes the keyboard shortcuts for seeking and changing tracks (see overview on about page)
- Dark mode for the about page
- Enforces usage of a secure context (HTTPS, localhost, etc)
- Fixes audio preloading on non-Safari browsers on Apple devices
- Fixes issue with non-default AWS regions (now uses region in the url as well)
- Fixes issue with shuffle algorithm
- Fixes issue with WebDAV
- Fixes playback issues (eg. clicking same track multiple times)
- Fixes various issues with add-to-playlist overlay
- Improve about pages (split up into multiple pages)
- Improved search (able to find incomplete terms)
- Improved application loading
- Only show generated playlists for enabled sources
- Removes support for Blockstack & Textile

## 2.5.3

- Deprecate Blockstack & Textile
- Only process the new source when adding a new source

## 2.5.2

- Fixes authentication issue with WebDAV in Firefox
- Fixes issue with seeking audio when paused (no longer tries to re-pause, which doesn't work)

## 2.5.1

- Fixes processing issue

## 2.5.0

- **Large overhaul of the core code**
- Improves service worker (now claims control immediately)
- Removes leading slashes from directory groups
- Fixes Google Drive support (they made some API changes)
- Fixes IPFS support regarding v0.5.x (user-storage layer)
- Fixes issue with Dropbox tracks preloading
- Fixes issue with search results not updating while processing sources
- Fixes issue with tracks being invisible

## 2.4.0

- **Adds Last.fm integration**
- Fixes Amazon S3 processing issue in Chrome (max call stack)
- Improves audio loading/unloading (doesn't get stuck loading anymore when spamming the next button)

## 2.3.1

- Fixes Firefox CSS issues

## 2.3.0

- Adds ability to download a playlist as a zip file
- Asks for confirmation when removing a playlist
- Fixes dark styles for add-to-playlist overlay
- Improves CORS information a little bit
- Improves interaction with notifications
- Improves playlist drag & drop (now moves selection instead of item under cursor)
- No longer scrolls track list to the top when moving things in a playlist or when processing tracks
- Shows the correct error message when the browser cannot play a certain type of audio
- Switches key bindings for arrow up and down

## 2.2.3

- Fixes processing issue
- Fixes search text color
- Improves search regarding parentheses
- Uses variable fonts (loads fonts faster)

## 2.2.2

- Fixes several buttons that weren't working anymore

## 2.2.1

- Adds support for Google Drive nested directories
- Fixes processing issues with Google Drive
- Fixes processing issues with WebDAV

## 2.2.0

- **Added dark mode**
- **Added support for BTFS (an IPFS fork)**
- Added ability to rename sources (ie. after creation)
- Added keyboard shortcuts for play/pause, toggle shuffle, etc.
  See UI section on the about page for more info.
- Improved IPFS support as a music source (now uses paths instead of hashes)
- Improved text readability (contrast, etc.)

## 2.1.2

- Fixed issue with WebDAV (the parser assumed tags in the form of `<D:` instead of allowing both upper and lower case)
- No longer listens to the `stalled` audio event (the behavior for this event is not consistent across browsers)
- Shows warning for IPFS MFS auth when using HTTPS

## 2.1.1

- Fixed issue with IPFS request timeout duration
- Fixed issue with Safari (ie. nested web workers)
- IPFS DNSLink lookups are done through the IPFS gateway instead of Cloudflare.

## 2.1.0

- **Added ability to cache an entire playlist** (for offline usage)
- **Automatically prepend `_dnslink.` when using a domain name with an IPFS source**
- Better color for the current-playing track
- Explain more things in the UI and on the about page
- Fixed issue with moving things in the queue
- Fixed issue with symbols in search
- Improve onboarding
- Replaced black favicon with a grey one
- Show processing progress on sources screen
- Show the amount of tracks you have
- Slightly improved tap/click events on tracks
- Smaller javascript files, ie. improved load time

## 2.0.0

- **Ability to store tracks in your browser cache (ie. play offline)**
- **Adds support for IPFS DNSLink & IPNS (for sources)**
- **Adds support for more file formats** (thanks to [music-metadata-browser](https://github.com/Borewit/music-metadata-browser))
- **Adds support for storing application data on [Dropbox](https://dropbox.com/)**
- **Adds support for storing application data on [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/)**
- **Adds support for storing application data on [Textile](https://github.com/textileio/go-textile)**
- **Better mobile experience (PWA)**
- **Better search**
- **Data encryption**
- **Group by processing date (ie. added-to-collection date), track year, directory, etc.**
- **Preloads next track on every queue change**
- **Remembers the playback progress on long audio files (can be disabled)**
- **WebDAV support in the browser**
- Ability to stop processing
- Added 'Azure File Storage' service back
- Added, and removed, some background images (21 total now)
- Data is saved more efficiently and faster
- Data is saved in multiple files instead of one big file (each bit is in its respective file, eg. sources -> sources.json)
- Improved accessibility (eg. properly navigate between buttons/forms with keyboard)
- Improved audio streaming (better handling of edge cases, eg. connection drops)
- Improved drag & drop
- Improved error messages (eg. through detailed notifications)
- Improved performance
- Improved README (how to host yourself, etc.)
- Improved UI
- New default background and accent color (softer and warmer colors)
- Option to hide duplicate tracks
- Removed the "authenticating" wording (eg. "Store data on ..." instead of "Authenticate with ...")
- Select background-image using thumbnail grid
- Simpler setup (easier to build)
- Support for [Media Keys](https://github.com/borismus/keysocket) in the browser and the [Media Session API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Session_API)
- Uses hash/fragment based routing for easier hosting
